feat(ref): add a yaml section (#196)
go-vela/docs: content/reference/yaml/secrets.md

---
title: "Secrets"
linkTitle: "Secrets"
weight: 8
description: >
  YAML tags for secret block
---

The secret tag is intended to be used to pull secrets from the Vela server or execute 

> plugins to write the external secrets to the build volume.

Reviewer: do we want this on a separate line than the one above?

Author: Yeah, the pattern is to have a little intro for each section

Reviewer: i meant lines 9 and 10 being on separate lines, instead of a single line. i could have made that clearer. not sure if there was a purpose to the break.

Reviewer 2: +1 to the having it be on the same line and letting the browser word-wrap.

Reviewer 3: I'm still seeing this as two separate lines

Reviewer 2: weird UI thing. this has been done

```yaml
---
# This document is displaying all the required tags
# to pull various secret types. 
secrets: 
  # Below is displaying the implicit native secret definition. This definition 
  # is only supported for native secrets of repository type.
  - name: foo

  # Below is displaying the declarative secret definitions.
  - name: foo1
    key: go-vela/docs/foo1
    engine: native
    type: repo
  - name: foo2

>     key: go-vela/foo`

Reviewer 4: Typo in this secret key?
```suggestion
    key: go-vela/foo2
```

Author: yeah, but honestly I should probably have an example showing you can alias as well.

    engine: native
    type: org
  - name: foo3

>     key: go-vela/admins/foo

Reviewer 4: Not necessary, but for clarity. Unless the re-use of the same key was intentional, then feel free to ignore this
```suggestion
    key: go-vela/admins/foo3
```

  - name: postgres
```

#### The `key:` tag

{{% alert title="Tip:" color="info" %}}
The key is unique
    # to the type of secret you need to pull and follows a pattern
    # to ensure the repo has the proper authorization to use the secret.
    # Pattern by type:
    # repo    - <org>/<repo>/<some_name>
    # org     - <org>/<some_name>
    # shared  - <org>/<team_with_org>/<some_name>
{{% /alert %}}

```yaml
---
secrets: 
    # Path to secret to fetch from storage backend. Displaying a 
    # repo type secret. 
  - key: go-vela/docs/foo1

    # Path to secret to fetch from storage backend. Displaying a 
    # org type secret.
  - key: go-vela/foo1
  
    # Path to secret to fetch from storage backend. Displaying a 
    # shared type secret.
  - key: go-vela/admins/foo1  
```

#### The `engine:` tag

{{% alert title="Tip:" color="info" %}}
To know what engines are available for your Vela installation, we recommend consulting your system administrators.
{{% /alert %}}

```yaml
---
secrets: 
    # Name of storage backend to fetch secret from, "native" signifies
    # the backend provide it the Vela database. 
  - engine: native
```

#### The `type:` tag

```yaml
---
secrets: 

>     # Type of secret to fetch from storage backend. By default, Vela 
>     # can pull repo but tag accepts the 

Reviewer 4: Definitely nit-picky but it might read easier if the sentence starts on the next line 
```suggestion
    # Type of secret to fetch from storage backend.
    #  By default, Vela can pull repo but tag accepts the 
```

    # following values: repo, org, and shared
  - type: repo
```

#### The `origin:` tag

| Tag           | Required | Type            | Description                                                      |
|---------------|----------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `name`        | Y        | string          | Unique identifier for the container in the pipeline.             |
| `image`       | Y        | []string        | Docker image used to create an ephemeral container.                 |
| `pull`        | N        | string          | Declaration to configure if and when the Docker image is pulled. |
| `secrets`     | N        | struct          | Sensitive variables injected into the container environment.     |
| `environment` | N        | map || []string | Variables to inject into the container environment.              |
| `ruleset`     | N        | struct          | Conditions to limit the execution of the container.              |
| `parameters`  | N        | map             | Extra configuration variables specific to a plugin.              |

{{% alert title="Tip:" color="info" %}}

> In an effort to not duplicate how documentation, to see how tags can be set, see the comparable [step tags documentation](/docs/reference/yaml/steps/#tags) to get behavior details.

Reviewer 4: More nit-pickiness, the content looks great 👍 
```suggestion
In an effort to reduce duplicate documentation, see the comparable [step tags documentation](/docs/reference/yaml/steps/#tags) to learn how tags can be set and details on behavior.
```
